{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs21 \cf2 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \
With the data that was available, the Restaurant table and Order table were right joined to get the number of user ID as a basis for one of the research questions that is being analyzed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 Popular Restaurants\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\tx20\tx180\pardeftab720\li180\fi-180\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It is established that one of the basis for a restaurant\'92s popularity is its rating. To be able to have a reliable rating, only restaurants with reviews of more than 5k were considered.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Unfortunately, there are no clear patterns for the Top 25 restaurants (based on average rating). They are a mixed of fast-food chains, cafes and restaurants.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Domino\'92s Pizza which is on top for most number of customers and highest revenue is not included in the Top 25 restaurants. This shows that popularity is probably not just based on the restaurant\'92s rating but it could be due to its cheaper prices or convenience to customers.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}It may be helpful to analyse their menu and their prices to see what common factors these restaurants have that make them popular.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Investigate the pricing strategies of the top 50 restaurants. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Based on the pricing strategy, consider adjusting your own restaurant\'92s pricing model or introducing value-based promotions to attract a broader range of customers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul Profitable Restaurants\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\tx20\tx180\pardeftab720\li180\fi-180\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Domino's Pizza has the highest revenue based on sum of sales and also have the highest number of customers. However, the graph shows that the revenue is not solely based on the number of customers.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Based on the graph, fast-food chains and bakeries appear to have higher revenues over restaurants.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Investigate what specific factors contribute to the higher revenues. This could include things like pricing strategies, location, consumer preferences or hours of operation. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If fast-food chains are benefiting from a high volume of sales due to lower prices or quicker service, consider offering promotions or improving efficiency at restaurant chains to boost revenue.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul Popular Days\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\tx20\tx196\pardeftab720\li196\fi-197\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Typically, weekends tend to become the busiest days for food establishments. However, it should be noted that the date source did not include weekends. This could be due to different factors. It could be lack of data or simply restaurants in this particular region are closed for the weekends. \
\ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Friday came out as the busiest day for restaurants followed by Thursday.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Since Friday is the most popular day for restaurants, consider increasing staffing levels and inventory supplies specifically for that day to meet demand and avoid service disruptions.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Consider introducing promotions or special offers to boost traffic and increase sales on \'93slow\'94 days.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Consider targeted promotions such as \'93happy hour\'94 specials.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Create incentives for customers to visit during off-peak hours, such as discounted brunches or exclusive time slots, encouraging a balanced flow of customers throughout the day.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/cindy.theresa.malona/viz/FinalProject1_17397447463350/Dashboard1?publish=yes
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}